Update rem.md (#5329)
MicrosoftDocs/windowsserverdocs: WindowsServerDocs/administration/windows-commands/rem.md

Records comments in a script, batch, or config.sys file. If no comment is specified, **rem** adds vertical spacing.

> [!NOTE]

> > This command is internal for cmd.exe .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This command is internal to the command-line interpreter, cmd.exe .
```

assign f:
```

For multi-line comments use conditional execution:

```
  Rem/||(

>     The REM evaluates to success so these
>     lines will never be executed.
>     Mind that here you need to escape closing parentheses
>     within multi-line comment blocks like this ^)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The REM statement evaluates to success,
    so these lines will never be executed.
    Keep in mind that you will need to escape closing parentheses
    within multi-line comment blocks like this: `^)`
```
